[IMP] Attendances: updating hardware to include badges (#9892)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/attendances/hardware.rst

Hardware
========

> Employees who are **not** database users, and therefore do not have access to the **Attendances**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Employees who are **not** database users, and therefore, do **not** have access to the *Attendances*
```

app, must sign in and out of work using a kiosk. The following are the physical requirements for
setting up a kiosk.

Kiosk devices
=============

> A kiosk is a self-service station where employees can check in and out of work with either a
> :ref:`badge <attendances/hardware/badges>` or an :ref:`RFID key fob <attendances/hardware/rfid>`.
> Typically, these devices are dedicated as kiosks only, but any device with an internet browser is
> able to be set up as a kiosk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A kiosk is a self-service station, where employees can check in and out of work, with either a
:ref:`badge <attendances/hardware/badges>` or an :ref:`RFID key fob <attendances/hardware/rfid>`.
Typically, these devices are dedicated as kiosks only, but any device with an internet browser is
able to be set up as a kiosk.
```

A kiosk is used by navigating to the webpage specified in the :ref:`configuration
<attendances/kiosk-settings>` section of the *Attendances* app.

Kiosks are set up using one of the following types of devices:

> - Laptop PC
> - Desktop PC

Reviewer 2: To avoid the term "PC" which is traditionally associated with only Windows machines :)
```suggestion
- - Laptop or Desktop computer
```

- Tablet
- Mobile phone (Android or iOS)

.. tip::

>    Touchscreens are easy to use, and tablets and mobile phones take up less space. Consider using a
>    smaller device with a touchscreen as a kiosk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Touchscreens are easy to use, and tablets/mobile phones take up less space. That's why most consider using a
   smaller device with a touchscreen as a kiosk.
```

   It is recommended to place kiosks on a secure stand, or mount them securely on a wall.

.. _attendances/hardware/badges:

Badges
======

Badges are a way for employees to quickly sign in and out from a kiosk, as badges are scanned by the
kiosk's camera to quickly identify the employee.

> To generate a badge, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Employees` app. Next, click on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a badge, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Employees app`. Next, click on the
```

> desired employee card to open the employee's form, then click on the :guilabel:`HR Settings` tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
desired employee card to open the employee's form, then click the :guilabel:`HR Settings` tab.
```

Under the :guilabel:`ATTENDANCE/POINT OF SALE/MANUFACTURING` section, there is a :guilabel:`Badge
ID` field. If this field is blank, click :guilabel:`Generate` at the end of the :guilabel:`Badge
ID` line, and the field is automatically populated with a new badge ID number. Then, click

> :guilabel:`Print Badge` at the end of the badge ID number, to create a PDF file of the badge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Print Badge` at the end of the badge ID number to create a PDF file of the badge.
```

If a badge ID number is already present on the employee form, there is no :guilabel:`Generate`
button, only a :guilabel:`Print Badge` button.

The employee's badge contains the employee's photo, name, job position, company logo, and a barcode

> that can be scanned on a kiosk to check in and out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that can be scanned at a kiosk to check in and out.
```

Badges can be printed for employees using any thermal or inkjet printer.

.. image:: hardware/badge.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A badge for an employee that is created from the Employees app.

.. note::
   Badges are **not** required, as employees can manually identify themselves on the kiosk.

Barcode scanners
----------------

> When using badges to check in and out, the barcode must be scanned to identify the employee. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using badges to check in and out, the barcode **must** be scanned to identify the employee. This
```

can be done with the kiosk's camera, if one is available on the device.

If a camera is **not** available on the kiosk device, an external barcode scanner must be used to
scan badges.

Kiosks work with most USB barcode scanners. Bluetooth barcode scanners are also supported for
devices without USB ports, or if a wireless connection is desired.

Follow the manufacturer's instructions on the barcode scanner to properly connect the barcode
scanner to the kiosk device.

.. tip::
   If the barcode scanner is connected directly to a computer, it :doc:`must be configured
   <../../inventory_and_mrp/barcode/setup/hardware>` to use the computer's keyboard layout.

.. note::

>    An IoT box is **not** required.

Reviewer 2: Specificity 
```suggestion
   An IoT box is **not** required to use a barcode scanner.
```

.. _attendances/hardware/rfid:

RFID key fob readers
====================

Instead of using a :ref:`badge <attendances/hardware/badges>`, employees can scan a personal RFID
key fob with an RFID reader to check in and out of work.

> It is required to purchase both RFID key fobs as well as an RFID reader to use this method to check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is **required** to purchase *both* RFID key fobs and an RFID reader to use this method to check
```

> in and out. Follow the manufacturer's directions to install the RFID reader and set up the RFID key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in and out. Follow the manufacturer's directions to install the RFID reader, and set up the RFID key
```

fob.

.. image:: hardware/rfid-reader.jpg
   :align: center
   :width: 50%

>    :alt: An RFID key fob is placed on an RFID reader

Reviewer 2: add period
```suggestion
   :alt: An RFID key fob is placed on an RFID reader.
```

Hardware
========

Employees who are **not** database users, and therefore do not have access to the **Attendances**

> app, must sig in and out of work using a kiosk. The following are the physical requirements for

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
app, must sign in and out of work using a kiosk. The following are the physical requirements for
```

setting up a kiosk.

Kiosk devices
=============

A kiosk is a self-service station where employees can check in and out of work with either a
:ref:`badge <attendances/hardware/badges>` or an :ref:`RFID key fob <attendances/hardware/rfid>`.
Typically, these devices are dedicated as kiosks only, but any device with an internet browser is
able to be setup as a kiosk.

A kiosk is used by navigating to the webpage specified in the :ref:`configuration
<attendances/kiosk-settings>` section of the *Attendances* app.

> Kiosks are setup using one of the following types of devices:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kiosks are set up using one of the following types of devices:
```

- Laptop PC
- Desktop PC
- Tablet
- Mobile phone (Android or iOS)

.. tip::

>    Touchscreens are easy to us, and tablets and mobile phones take up less space. Consider using a

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Touchscreens are easy to use, and tablets and mobile phones take up less space. Consider using a
```

   smaller device with a touchscreen as a kiosk.

>    It is recommended to place kiosks in a secure stand where employees check in and out, or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to place kiosks on a secure stand, or
```

   mount them securely on a wall.

   One recommended setup is using an iPad together with the `Heckler Design WindFall Stand

>    <https://hecklerdesign.com/products/windfall-stand-for-ipad>`_.

Reviewer 3: Who recommends this specific product? I would consider removing this.

Author: This was in the original documentation- both this and the scanner. I didn't think to remove these since they were original, but they might be outdated. I do agree- it is odd to include a product, so I will remove these .

.. _attendances/hardware/badges:

Badges
======

Badges are a way for employees to quickly sign in and out from a kiosk, as badges are scanned by the
kiosk's camera to quickly identify the employee.

> To generate a badge, first navigate to the main :menuselection:`Employees` app. Next, click on the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To generate a badge, first navigate to the :menuselection:`Employees` app. Next, click on the
```

desired employee card to open the employee's form, then click on the :guilabel:`HR Settings` tab.

Under the :guilabel:`ATTENDANCE/POINT OF SALE/MANUFACTURING` section, there is a :guilabel:`Badge

> ID` field. If this field is blank, click :guilabel:`Generate` at the end of the :guilabel:`Badge
> ID` line, and a badge ID number is generated and populates the line. Then, click :guilabel:`Print

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ID` field. If this field is blank, click :guilabel:`Generate` at the end of the :guilabel:`Badge
ID` line, and the field is automatically populated with a new badge ID number. Then, click :guilabel:`Print
```

Badge` at the end of the badge ID number, to create a PDF file of the badge.

If a badge ID number is already present on the employee form, there is no :guilabel:`Generate`
button, only a :guilabel:`Print Badge` button.

The employee's badge contains the employee's photo, name, job position, company logo, and a barcode
that can be scanned on a kiosk to check in and out.

Badges can be printed for employees using any thermal or inkjet printer.

.. image:: hardware/badge.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A badge for an employee that is created from the Employees app.

.. note::
   Badges are **not** required, as employees can manually identify themselves on the kiosk.

Barcode scanners
----------------

When using badges to check in and out, the barcode must be scanned to identify the employee. This
can be done with the kiosk's camera, if one is available on the device.

If a camera is **not** available on the kiosk device, an external barcode scanner must be used to
scan badges.

> Kiosks works with most USB barcode scanners, connected directly to a computer. Bluetooth barcode

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kiosks work with most USB barcode scanners. Bluetooth barcode
```

scanners are also supported for devices without USB ports, or if a wireless connection is desired.

Follow the manufacturer's instructions on the barcode scanner to properly connect the barcode
scanner to the kiosk device.

.. tip::
   A recommended barcode scanner is the `Honeywell product line

>    <https://sps.honeywell.com/us/en/products/productivity/barcode-scanners>`_.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above.

   If the barcode scanner is connected directly to a computer, it must be configured to use the

>    computer's keyboard layout.

Reviewer 3: This would be a good place to link the barcode setup documentation.

.. note::
   An IoT box is **not** required.

.. _attendances/hardware/rfid:

RFID key fob readers
====================

Instead of using a :ref:`badge <attendances/hardware/badges>`, employees can scan a personal RFID

> key fobs with an RFID reader to check in and out of work.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
key fob with an RFID reader to check in and out of work.
```

It is required to purchase both RFID key fobs as well as an RFID reader to use this method to check
in and out. Follow the manufacturer's directions to install the RFID reader and set up the RFID key
fobs.

.. image:: hardware/rfid-reader.jpg
   :align: center
   :width: 50%
   :alt: An RFID key fob is placed on an RFID reader

.. tip::
   A recommended RFID reader is the `Neuftech USB RFID Reader

>    <https://neuftech.net/Neuftech-USB-RFID-Reader-ID-Kartenleseger%C3%A4t-Kartenleser-Kontaktlos-Card-Reader-f%C3%BCr-EM4100>`_.

Reviewer 3: Same comment as above.
